Update README.md (#1)
dashevo/.github: README.md

<p align="center" >
<img src="https://docs.dash.org/en/stable/_images/dash_logo.png" alt="Dash Wallet logo" title="Dash Wallet" width="300">
</p>

IMPORTANT NOTE!!

> The Dashevo GitHub repo has been archived. The repos have all been relocated to https://github.com/dashpay

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Most repositories in the Dashevo GitHub organization have been archived as active development shifted to https://github.com/dashpay.
```

> Previously, all development related to Dash Platform happened under the dashevo Github org. These repositories have since moved to the DashPay repo. This was done to consolidate all the Platform-related activity under one platform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Previously, all development related to Dash Platform happened under the dashevo GitHub organization. These repositories have since moved to the DashPay organization. This was done to consolidate all Dash-related activity under one organization.
```

Want to know more about Dash? https://www.dash.org/

> Read this to know more about Dash Platform. https://dashplatform.readme.io/docs

Reviewer: Let's make the link text as the actual URL is likely changing.
```suggestion
See the [Dash Platform documentation](https://dashplatform.readme.io/docs) for further information about Dash's Web3 platform.
```
